Add Deployments as Code Documentation (#1632)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-worker-queues.md

4. Click **Create Queue**.

:::note

> You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues at once using [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues. See [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).
```

> :::note
> You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues at once. See [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::tip

You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues at once. See [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).

:::
```
